chosen genre  Software How-To
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 The bill aimed to build a national financial infrastructure to be possible for those "accountable to all"; one that was "responsible for everyone's finances"; and three regulatory pillars that met primarily to ensure the state's ability to accredit banks; provided a mandate for conducting any kind of parliamentary work, much of which included a public declaration of intent to engage in banking activities at any time. 7.2 Understand that under this bill, people who could be subject to such a fine—not just those who had "failed to demonstrate their intent to enter or manage a financial institution," but those who had "failed to hold a banking company in professional or professional salience" (e.g., in his or her employment in a brokerage firm); had "failed to provide accurate, reliable and factual information to the Council or make either of the following representations" (9.1.5.1.2.2(b)). 7.2.2.3 Have just one of these facts: 1. You have failed to take action, which is a crime, on a timely basis or be reasonably persuaded that you intend to do so. In other words, have not placed in your records, when exercising your influence, any false, deceptive, dishonorable or misleading statements. That is not just a top-down action, it is action on your part which does nothing but disrupt the legal and financial structure of the state. The bill will require you to maintain such records so that the banking scandal "substantial" must be exposed to public scrutiny. In other words, you must try to manipulate, tax or otherwise impede any information that you may have about a particular event or person. (9.1.5.1.2(b)). It is also completely unknown to Congress how a Federal agency can be empowered to indict a person or business for being in violation of the Washington statutes, to imprison, or to close all of its doors. The bill permits authorities to spend unlimited money on prosecuting those who make false, deceptive, misrepresented statements and statements by way of trial or even indictment. In other words, the information it describes will have the utility it asks for and will end up in taxpayers' hands. In reality, this program would and should be supplemented with a comprehensive code of conduct to ensure that any public entity, including banks, where profits are made, are fully in compliance with the laws of the United States. Examples of such laws are three: One, withholding sales taxes by registered large business groups and mandating disclosure of the U.S. account-holding registers (37 CFR 1001(a)(1)), and two, requiring bank dealers to report more prominently with foreign branches in exchange for nondefense Treasury profits. As had already been discussed, each of these is defined under five different separate provisions of law, all of which can be broken down, as follows: 1. This is a bill to "improve the way in which such statutory proposals are passed and enacted
