chosen genre  Aviation
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 Don't feel too bad about being a member of X's army! He's coming after you to burn your power down. Nice job, Zach!" A robed figure later emerged. "Exactly! So you're in the NYPD?" He was immediately confused. I couldn't tell. "Uh… Well, we all know who you are. It's a social club!" "Anyway, I got this really nice award, Zach! Stick around and I'm gonna give you an escort. But first I need to know who you are!" I was worried that he was only having his hand in some sort of mischief. "Hold on, don't you want to know who I am?"  The reply I'd been seeing the whole time was 'Phillip. Oh, Phil, look at me! I'm in X. Thanks! Big Brother, I love you! Next week he's gonna take me into the office. The next time that happens, I'll start testing new tricks on your face to earn you a star or two. You don't even have to pay for it!" He dropped out of my bag and dropped my cloak in front of the door. I looked around the office for a moment and saw that my bro was just outside. Now, at least I thought that Peter wasn't spying on me. Yes, I knew this was going to be a lot of trouble for me. Thankfully, they got him out of that secluded party. Even though it wasn't even a televised prank (would that even be enough?), I needed a flashlight, right? Let's get out there and see if they can spot a little spider. As I was walking back home, I noticed an old group of citizens were talking about my wife to me. "She's dead!" And by good baby dirt-footed-hands, I mean barefoot-kicking spider out of the house. The sound reminded me a little of too much folding up and tossing a big chunk of plastic around so it threw off my socks for a moment. But by then, we were all glancing at the ceiling! I had no idea what had happened to his wife. It didn't look like she was still there, but it was sure to make some very sad Auntie Bianca see his entire head flip-flop and she'd probably make a whole lot more money off him than she did. How didn't she know about being exposed to spider spiders? The news got out that Zach (with a reference to his bisexual stalker earlier in the episode) had worked with a group of techs working for him in the nearby tech ring. I think it was because we'd already hacked the company's alpha and major systems, and yet the entire group was on-again, off-again-again talking to each other about problems they'd encountered. Our only concern was missing one crucial piece of evidence. After about five minutes of very late updates, we're now back at the
