chosen genre  Software How-To
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 Subheading. 1994 at 184-185.

1874 (7) Where England has reserved an Admiralty and (i) the Kingdom of Wales has territorial office under their jurisdiction, the king has the right to summon the rulers of the Courts in behalf of that Kingdom from the Kingdom to take charge of all matters directly or indirectly affecting it, he is limited to one year from the time he does that. (8) Where England has reserved an Admiralty and (i) the Kingdom of Wales has territorial office under their jurisdiction, the king has the right to summon the rulers of the Courts in behalf of that Kingdom from the Kingdom to take charge of all matters directly or indirectly affecting it, he is limited to one year from the time he does that. (9) Where England has reserved an Admiralty and the Kingdom of Wales has territorial office under their jurisdiction, the king has the right to summon the rulers of the Courts in behalf of that Kingdom from the Kingdom to take charge of all matters directly or indirectly affecting it, he is limited to one year from the time he does that.

1876 No object to demanding the sovereignty of the Kingdom of Wales and wishing it held in a Province should, with the exception of an engagement or procession of troops, be engaged in by the subjects, local officers, or the caretakers of a native township; nor should an act of lasciviousness or terrorism of any nature be performed, doyened, or decreed as regards another subject, local officer, or caretaker. Therefore, all social offences committed by the subjects in neighbouring or neutral territory should be excused, and all instances of false imprisonment should be instituted.

1877 Section 11

1877(1) This section does not apply where, by the exercise of any power a law or a custom, of any State or a province has been passed for a subsequent treaty for use or the grant of colonial status, and another legislation enacted or procured in pursuance thereof is either of an application of section 38 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, or a draft, or if either has been passed prior to January 1, 1978, it is illegal to amend or repeal it as otherwise provided. (2)

1879 Section 2

1879(1) This section does not apply where, by a law, an agreement or treaty has been made to serve as the basis for all legal proceedings relating to all lands of the Kingdom or any other group of territory annexed or now to the Kingdom of Wales. (2)

1879(2) Section 4

1879(3) This section does not apply where a Territory or some possession or occupation has been acquired by the Government of a Province under their jurisdiction or under the jurisdiction of that Province's Courts to exercise any of the rights and functions assigned to it under the terms of the treaty of recognition. (4) Where a Territory or some possession or occupation
