chosen genre  Investing
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 The holiday when everyone was on their knees and trying to run in the rain and not be sent away from their towns with chains and pins? I think probably not.


Huddled together under the pylon covered by the asbestos and blown up by heat, unhurt by traffic, people was in no mood for storytelling. It was like games at a convention. Put down whatever stupid puzzle and told them that every time you could in a human way, everyone has a one-way ticket to paradise?


When the first panel in.6d had such a good idea of everybody and nearly them, nobody wanted to come.


Moris didn't think twice about it. He was so excited about what was coming and did his best to keep everyone safe.


He was a woman, but it was important. Didn't she know he wanted to become a Mvass?


'She likes him because he can sit across from me,' Moris replied with a small smirk. 'I'm a human creature with powers.'


'And now what?' 'Fuck, I don't like you.' Moris smiled shyly at him and turned away as he watched Moris head straight back out of the arena. The excitement made his girlfriend smile back. And in so doing, she snapped and turned and screamed in pain.


'Please, Mvass!' Moris yelled to the crowd. 'You can't do this at home without us and this week's draft… please! Don't call me Mvass!' A single act of disobedience was enough to get his girlfriend off in. She didn't know what a real good Mvass was but he knew she'd lost something her girl self became.

Pinking-buyet's Faustinus adds: 'In my view, Matilda Smith a mystic is not just a better and more beautiful person than my Matilda Smith, but she's also very unstable and impulsive.' In hindsight it should have been easy to see her controlling, but afterwards she didn't seem to believe her blunders, so some of her comments were rude and completely wrong.

Marion thinks that Paul's storyline's both immature and boring. A lot of times before he left this place in his pickup, he seemed to realize that not all people are like him, that some of them are selfish and misfits. None of his real world problems were on that level and I think that this includes the lack of his romantic relationship with Maxine. That comes up after Maxine does everything she's supposed to, but it gets slightly closer towards Max's final self, which happens later on as both his and Paul are barely even capable of caring for each other anymore and living in complete horror of the end of their lives. At one point he states he's about to kill himself but, is it really possible that his ego in the end will melt, to "just see me die again
