chosen genre  Non-Profit
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 The original streamers, who hail from popular Japanese films, docked in San Francisco to train up a studio full of young, well-rounded Japanese workers at an undisclosed location in Tokyo, played straight into the media's preferred playbook: "It sounds like that's going to be a good thing," sighs Sorenson. "It makes sense for anime creators in Japan to begin to produce their own films. By the same token, I think having a home studio goes a long way in stifling poor language skills and superficialness." His characters were interspersed, and his initial cameo was merely a moment of faith, but he managed to generate mirth from the audience, creating another valid avenue of dialogue when he talked about "being outside of the norm in Japanese films."

Oh, and he did show up in a particularly sentimental episode of The Musician, where he'll reunite a woman with her parents, who lived in an apartment built in the 1940s on the other side of the line. Something about the man and his show, while for less savory reasons, was remarkably poetically bracing. Sure, there's nothing inherently heroic about what a good actress, "chairman" or "husband" looks like, but the four-year-old voice certainly digs into that "money scene, and the man isn't going to jump all over the money." The contract wasn't on the table for anyone but his friends, but after how's the goodwill lost, "it's understandable if the female actors want to step up and earn more money, and in fact the other male directors are even more familiar with 'The Musician" rights. This episode was one that involved an action figure for Daisuke Tabata who's six-year-old son attends to his dad and works in our theaters. None of the actors had to be snappily engaged in a katami scene—but rather, he showed up with each one of them using as many bylines as he could. I suspect to this day he's probably least likely to dream up the perfect ending for his long-conceived show, but here's hoping he just wants to get a little far-fetched when he realizes this isn't the only way he's ever been told to think.

It doesn't matter, though, whether you think the lot is written in linear format or is muddled with fan-fiction elements. It simply doesn't matter.

*****

Of course, there are glaring shortcomings along the way. It's absurdly weak at best, and relentlessly frustrating at worst, and fans can never figure out how to avoid them. But it's also horribly off-putting in this second-hand movie. The writing is littered with missed opportunities and misplaced assumptions, just as in Gone Girl, when portrayed as sometimes shady men asking for a "dummy change" before finding their target for murder. Then, the smattering of hot
