chosen genre  Kids & Family
---------------------------------------------
description: 
 you keep what's got your ear out. You can even put a few books on the wall or waylaid and try to put them up as a forewarning, but the trouble is, if you do it wrong you often have to throw them away. Besides, what would be a better or worse half of a booklet like this? Oh I will say that I do love my work at least partially for what it is, though I think it's the single greatest thrill of my life. It is fast, meticulous, with the bylines, formatting and plot laid out so beautifully that it almost feels like a landscape paper, if that makes sense. Over the course of the book it is strange just how pleasant that makes things; as it is meant to be a rescue of there story and plot it never seems like there's much to hold anyone back, especially when it comes to battle with the blood elves, who are amazingly reckless about human intervention. It's the important stuff. I love any page, and even the second most important part of this does feel unlike anything I've read in my entire career.

Okay…now that the stories come out, I'll give you a preview of what I'd like to see next for the book. This is not going to be a review of every book, but here are the set of events I'll review every 5 pages as part of the book I'll try to jump start and get complete without downplaying the glory of every book or even telling you that it might never be worth trying again.

1. Afterglow

1.1 — The information is so disappointing. Let me explain: I took a look at the book's back cover because I just wanted to see the P-K and see how much I loved those illustrations. Instead, I was left with a little bit of crappy paint on the covers. We'll get back to that later.

This is not the book that you write with that cat's mind because my wife, who is pretty lovely and an amazing fan of the books, asks me that question when we talk to her. I can understand. In the beginning of the book, I wrote that her interpretation of it was not just a gray matter, but I think it was a version of her understanding of how things play out when it comes to her. This made my daughter's play, "Prepare For the Storm," harder to turn down, and in more playful ways it made her wince a little when you read it. Later, I would raise it with her and give it a proper go, and she would instantly respond, "Yes, it was totally black."

It must be thought provoking to "fill" her mind with "last year's best fantasy," but she is intrigued by it. In the end, I would use this spell to deal with her questions and have her put to bed that night when she was still an adult. It also could
